README.md, before:

# Idle Monitor

This is an idle monitor for RoboFont. This works by:

1. Getting the time since the most recent interaction by the user with an input method (keyboard, mouse, etc.).
2. Getting the time since the most recent notification by all open fonts.

The first test only applies if the application is active. If the application is not active, it is condered idle unless a font notification indicates otherwise. When an idle state is detected, an `applicationIsIdle` event is posted as a RoboFont event that can be subscribed to with `mojo.events addObserver(observer, "callback", "applicationIsIdle")`. Likewise, when an active state is detected an `applicationIsActive` event is posted. Both events send along an info dictionary with the following data:

| key | description |
| --- | ----------- |
| appIsActive| Boolean indicating if RoboFont is active. |
| sinceAnyActivity | Seconds since the last activity. |
| sinceFontActivity | Seconds since the last font notification. |
| sinceUserActivity | Seconds since the last user interaction. |

There is a settings window that allows you to define how many seconds should pass before the application is declared idle. You can also disable the state testing altogether.

Commit message:

Switch to activity monitoring. This will allow tools to have their own definitions for how much inactivity means "idle".

README.md, after:

# Activity Monitor

This is an activity monitor for RoboFont. This works by:

1. Getting the time since the most recent interaction by the user with an input method (keyboard, mouse, etc.).
2. Getting the time since the most recent notification by all open fonts.

The monitor periodically posts `activity` event notifications that contain an info about the recent activity. Tools can subscribe to these event notifications with `mojo.events addObserver(observer, "callback", "activity")`. The info dictionary contains the following data:

| key | description |
| --- | ----------- |
| appIsActive| Boolean indicating if RoboFont is active. |
| fontActivity | Boolean indicating if there has been font activity since the previous `activity` notification. |
| sinceFontActivity | Seconds since the last font activity. |
| userActivity | Boolean indicating if there has been user activity since the previous `activity` notification. |
| sinceUserActivity | Seconds since the last user interaction. |
| fontNotifications | All font notifications since the previous `activity` notification. |

There is a settings window that allows you to modify how often the monitor polls for activity. The settings window also visually displays recent activity data.
